Lab 1 Answers

Name: 
SID: 
3-letter login: 

Exercise 1: Binary Alphabet
What does the following bit pattern look like? 
0 1 1 0
1 0 0 1
1 1 1 1
1 0 0 1
1 0 0 1

What five decimal digits produce the pattern above?
1) 
2) 
3) 
4) 
5) 

What are those decimal digits in hexadecimal?
1) 
2) 
3) 
4) 
5) 

What letter is drawn with 1, 1, 9, 9, 6?

What letter is drawn with 0xF8F88?

What is the hexadecimal representation you would use to spell the letter 'B'?





What is the hexadecimal representation you would use to spell the letter 'N'?






Exercise 3: CGDB Commands
1. How do you pass command line arguments to a program when using gdb?
The command"run arglist "can help you start your program with arglist
2. How do you set a breakpoint which only occurs when a set of conditions is true (e.g. when certain variables are a certain value)?
 -Using the command "break [link] [condition expression]"  For example:break 17 if i==10
3. How do you execute the next line of C code in the program after stopping at a breakpoint?
 -Using command:step(s) or next(n)
4. If the next line of code is a function call, you'll execute the whole function call at once if you use your answer to #3. (If not, consider a different command for #3!) How do you tell GDB that you want to debug the code inside the function instead? (If you changed your answer to #3, then that answer is most likely now applicable here.)
 -Using command "step(s)"
5. How do you resume the program after stopping at a breakpoint?
 -Using command "continue"(c)
6. How can you see the value of a variable (or even an expression like 1+2) in gdb?
 -Using command "p [expression or variable name ]"or command "bt full"(show the full stack)
7. How do you configure gdb so it prints the value of a variable after every step?
 -Using command "display [variable name]" can show the value in each step
8. How do you print a list of all variables and their values in the current function?
 -Using command "info local"
9. How do you exit out of gdb?
 -Using command "quit"